Ques1:  What is Emmet?
Answer: Emmet is a plugin for many popular text-editors which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow.
        Emmet is a bunch of different shortcuts and snippets where we type a small amout of code & it'll generate a bunch of code for us by just typing a small amount of 
        information.

        Syntax:
        The general way to write Emmet Abbreviations is:
        tagName[series of expressions]
        => where tagName: is the Html tag you want to generate.
        => Series of expressions will goverb the markup that will be generated.

        Tip*:
        While typing the Emmet Abbreviations, you can press ctrl + space see what'll be generated(inside a pop up).

        Link: 
        https://medium.com/@kartik2406/web-development-with-vs-code-part-1-emmet-6af80f0f630c

Ques2:  Difference between a framework and a library?
Answer: First of all, Both framework and libraries are code written by someone else that's used to help solve common problems.

        Framework: When we use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow. It provides some places for you to plug in your code, 
        but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.
        Library: When you use a library, you're in charge of the flow of the application. You are choosing when and where to call the library. 

        Key Differences: 
        Put simply, the inversion of control (Ioc) describes the difference between a library and a framework. 
        By using a library, you control the flow of the program. The library can be invoked whenever and wherever you like. Contrary to this, 
        when you use a framework, the flow is controlled by the framework.
        The framework instructs you where to put your code, but it'll call your code as required.
        Simply put, our code calls the library's code, but in a framework, it's the framework'code that calls our code.


Ques3:  What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Answer: A content delivery network (CDN) is a group of geographically distributed servers that speed up the delivery of web content by bringing 
        it closer to where users are.
        A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images and videos. 
        The popularity of CDN services continues to grow, and today the majority of web traffic is served through CDNs, including traffic from major sites Fb, Netflix & Amazon.

        Link:
        https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/


Ques4:  What is crossorigin in script tag?
Answer: The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
        Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here's where CORS comes in.
        A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. stylesheets, iframes, images, fonts or scripts) from another domain.

        CORS is used to manage cross-origin requests.
        CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside their 
        own domain. 
        It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it's safe to allow the cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to specify
        who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

        Tip*: 
        The opposite of cross-origin requests is same-origin requests. This means that a web page can only interact with other documents that are also on the same server. 
        This policy enforces that documents that interact with each other must have the same orign (domain).


Ques5:  What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
Answer: In order to work with React in the browsers, we need to include 2 libraries: React and ReactDOM.
        React library is responsible for creating views.
        ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

        Why separate them? 
        The reason React and ReactDOM were split into two libraries was due to the arrival of React Native(A react platform for mobile development).
        React components are such a great way to organize UI that it has now spread to mobile to react is used in web and in mobile. ReactDOM is used only in web apps.


Ques6:  Why is React known as React?
Answer: React renders everything that is changing in the webpages constantly. The change being made depends upon the changes in the state of the application.
        so, reacting to every change in the state got React to be called React.


Ques7:  What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Answer: The development build is used (react.development.js) - as the name suggests - for developing reasons. You have source maps, debugging and often times hot module 
        reloading (hmr) ability in those builds.
        The production build is used (react.production.js) - on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client' machine. 
        The production build runs uglify and build 
        your source files into one or multiple minimized files. It also extracts CSS and images and of course any other sources you're loading with Webpack. 
        There's also no hot reloading included. Source Maps might be included as separate files depending on your webpack

        In other words:
        react.development.js provides us extra features like debugging, hmr(Hot module reloading) and lots of other stuffs that you might use while developing app with 
        the help of bundlers like webpack, parcel, vite. 
        This bundler bundles and minifies our code to be deployed on production.
        These minified files will be deployed on production which removes lots of unnecessary files which will not be used by our app for this we have react.production.js 
        to make our much faster(as bundlers and lots of other files have done there work and are not required now).

        Link:
        https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48151128/difference-between-production-and-development-build-in-reactjs#:~:text=The%20development%20build%20is%20used,running%20on%20your%20client%27s%20machine.

